1. Which of the following signatures is correct for the main method in Java?
a) public void main(String[] args)
b) public static void main(String[] args)
c) private static void main(String[] args)
d) protected static void main(String[] args)

2. What will happen if the main method is declared as private?
a) The program will compile but will not run.
b) The program will compile and run without any issues.
c) The program will not compile.
d) The program will compile, but a runtime exception will occur.

3. What will be the output if the main method is missing from a Java program?
a) The program will compile and run without any issues.
b) The program will compile but not run, resulting in a runtime error.
c) The program will not compile.
d) The program will run, but nothing will be printed.

4. Can the main method in Java be overloaded?
a) Yes, but only if the return type is void.
b) Yes, with different parameters.
c) No, the main method cannot be overloaded.
d) Yes, but only within the same class.

5. Which of the following is true regarding the main method in Java?
a) The main method can return an int value.
b) The main method can accept int arguments.
c) The main method can be overloaded.
d) The main method can be non-static.

6. What will happen if you run a Java program with the following main method signature?

public static void main()
a) The program will compile and run without issues.
b) The program will compile but will not run.
c) The program will not compile.
d) The program will compile, but a runtime exception will occur.

7. Can the main method in Java be final?
a) Yes
b) No
c) Only if it is not static
d) Only if it does not return void

8. What will be the output of the following code?

public class Main {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        System.out.println("Hello, World!");
    }
}
a) Compilation Error
b) No output
c) Hello, World!
d) hello, world!

9. What will be the result of running the following code if the main method is not declared static?

public class Main {
    public void main(String[] args) {
        System.out.println("Hello, World!");
    }
}
a) The program will compile and run without issues.
b) The program will not compile.
c) The program will compile but not run.
d) The program will compile and run but produce no output.

10. What will happen if the main method is declared with a return type other than void?
a) The program will compile and run without issues.
b) The program will compile but not run.
c) The program will not compile.
d) The program will run but produce no output.
